вҖӘ[melancholy music playing]
вҖӘ[Jonas] Joyce.
вҖӘ[gasps. breathes heavily]
вҖӘ[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘJoy-Joyce. give me-- give me that.
вҖӘ-G-Give. Let go.
вҖӘ-[strains]
вҖӘ[Joyce yelps. strains]
вҖӘ[strains] Let go. Let go.
вҖӘ-Let go!
вҖӘ-[Joyce exclaims]
вҖӘ[Jonas] What are you doing?
вҖӘWhat are you doing?
вҖӘAre you trying to kill yourself?
вҖӘ[melancholy music playing]
вҖӘ[music stops]
вҖӘWhat's important now is
вҖӘto focus on your well-being.
вҖӘ[laughing]
вҖӘDon't laugh. Joyce.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘI'm not laughing. you know.
вҖӘI'm just amused.
вҖӘAll this time. I thought that me and you
вҖӘwere good and really happy.
вҖӘ-You know?
вҖӘ-My love.
вҖӘ[laughing]
вҖӘ-Listen. listen. listen. listen. Listen.
вҖӘ-No way.
вҖӘNo way.
вҖӘPlease don't think like that.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘHow do I even face the world
вҖӘafter all of this?
вҖӘHow will I even face people?
вҖӘPeople?
вҖӘ-Forget about people. Forget about people.
вҖӘ-[crying softly]
вҖӘYou know what the problem is?
вҖӘ[stammering] It's that we can't just keep
вҖӘreliving the past like this.
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm.
вҖӘ-We're always looking back.
вҖӘ-[stammering] We have to move on. my love.
вҖӘ-What past are you talking about. Jonas?
вҖӘJonas.
вҖӘWhy do you keep saying
вҖӘwe are reliving the past?
вҖӘThis is happening to me right now
вҖӘ-in real time. No!
вҖӘ-Wait. listen. Okay.
вҖӘ-No. no. no!
вҖӘ-Okay. okay. okay.
вҖӘ-No. Let me go.
вҖӘ-We'll fix this. I'll fix this. my love.
вҖӘ-Jo. no.
вҖӘ-We'll fix this. Promise. We'll fix this.
вҖӘ-We will fix this.
вҖӘ-No.
вҖӘI will fix this. I promise you. love.
вҖӘ-I promise you. we'll fix this swiftly.
вҖӘ-No.
вҖӘ[dog barking]
вҖӘYou know
вҖӘthat the babies have to get baptized
вҖӘbefore they turn three months old. right?
вҖӘYes. Mom. [sighs] I know.
вҖӘWhich surname are they going to use
вҖӘat church?
вҖӘWhose children are they. Ma.
вҖӘif not Jonas Gomora?
вҖӘOh. they're his?
вҖӘ[scoffs] There's no way.
вҖӘ-I don't recall him saying a word to me.
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘI don't even recall anything
вҖӘabout damages.
вҖӘ[chuckles] Damages. Ma?
вҖӘOh. yes.
вҖӘ-Aren't you Christian?
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘYou're confusing me
вҖӘwith this damages talk.
вҖӘI'm a believer.
вҖӘBut still. I know our culture.
вҖӘand that's something I respect.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-This boy is disrespecting us.
вҖӘMy goodness. This is disgraceful.
вҖӘDisgraceful. Matipa.
вҖӘMy grandchildren are products of adultery?
вҖӘOh. Ma.
вҖӘMa. I'm begging you.
вҖӘPlease.
вҖӘMy babies are a product of love.
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘ-Please.
вҖӘ-[baby crying]
вҖӘ-Geez.
вҖӘ[scoffs] Wow.
вҖӘ[tense music playing]
вҖӘ-[sighing] I give up.
вҖӘ-[crying continues]
вҖӘ-Hey. brother.
вҖӘ-Is the door closed?
вҖӘYeah. it's closed.
вҖӘ-[Jonas sighs]
вҖӘ-What's up?
вҖӘ[tense music intensifies]
вҖӘGet rid of this. Please.
вҖӘWhat are you doing with a gun?
вҖӘIs it legal?
вҖӘJoyce was trying to kill herself.
вҖӘ-No way.
вҖӘ-I walked in. in-in the nick of time.
вҖӘI caught her.
вҖӘ-I wanted to kill him.
вҖӘ-I would've killed him too.
вҖӘ-I would've killed him. Joyce.
вҖӘ-No!
вҖӘ-[stammers]
вҖӘ-No. for real.
вҖӘI tried to kill him.
вҖӘI even bought a gun.
вҖӘ-I had it all planned out.
вҖӘ-[gasps]
вҖӘI was ready to kill him.
вҖӘYou see. this time around.
вҖӘyou hit her under the belt. seriously.
вҖӘHow is she?
вҖӘDespite everything.
вҖӘeverything this bastard has done to me.
вҖӘeven nowвҖҰ
вҖӘjust look at me. I still love him.
вҖӘYeah. she's still fragile.
вҖӘBut I managed to calm her down. [sighs]
вҖӘ[breathing deeply] You know.
вҖӘyou should've seen how happy we were.
вҖӘWe were so happy.
вҖӘHow. friend?
вҖӘIt's like when a bird decides
вҖӘto fall in love with a fish.
вҖӘI mean. honestly. where can
вҖӘthey build a life together. friend?
вҖӘOkay. friend.
вҖӘI think you're pushing it right now.
вҖӘThis is my husband you're talking about.
вҖӘJonas is not some fish.
вҖӘand I am definitely not a bird.
вҖӘWow. you've got balls. boy.
вҖӘ[inhales sharply]
вҖӘOf course I'm the balls in this family.
вҖӘ[stammers] You don't bring anything in.
вҖӘand no kids.
вҖӘYou're useless.
вҖӘ-I'm useless?
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘI'd rather be useless.
вҖӘBetter than being torn between women
вҖӘas if I'm crazy.
вҖӘJoyce. uhвҖҰ [sighs]
вҖӘвҖҰneeds time to calm down and heal.
вҖӘI won't allow him
вҖӘto just leave me like that.
вҖӘI won't let him leave me for that
вҖӘlittle trashy slut. that filthy skank!
вҖӘMm-hmm. Okay. so what are you going to do?
вҖӘ[grunting. shouts]
вҖӘOkay. use that. [grunting]
вҖӘHell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
вҖӘ[scoffs] Women are all the same.
вҖӘGet rid of that.
вҖӘ[knocking on door]
вҖӘ-[Matipa] What now? [stammers]
вҖӘ-[visitor] Shh.
вҖӘ[Matipa] Wow.
вҖӘMatipa. just tell me exactly
вҖӘwhat it's going to take
вҖӘfor you to leave my husband? Huh?
вҖӘWhat?
вҖӘFirst of all.
вҖӘdon't shout at me in my house.
вҖӘMy babies are sleeping. Behave yourself.
вҖӘ-Don't you dare patronize me.
вҖӘ-[clicks tongue]
вҖӘYou know. you can get any man
вҖӘyou want out there and leave Jonas.
вҖӘGo. Leave.
вҖӘYou can go to Cape Town
вҖӘor anywhere in the world
вҖӘyour heart desires.
вҖӘbut just go and start you life anew.
вҖӘYou know. I'm not quiet 'cause I'm stupid.
вҖӘI thought you were gonna say
вҖӘyou're joking. but you're serious.
вҖӘ[inhales deeply]
вҖӘI'll use all the connections I have
вҖӘto ensure you get a job. Okay?
вҖӘI'll even make sure that Jonas never skips
вҖӘon maintenance for your kids.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘHere.
вҖӘFill in your banking details here.
вҖӘDon't insult me. Joyce.
вҖӘDon't you dare disrespect me.
вҖӘMatipa. this is not a joke.
вҖӘThis is my life we're talking about.
вҖӘMy kiвҖҰ [breathing shakily]
вҖӘMy kids.
вҖӘThey might never recover
вҖӘfrom the pain you're putting them through.
вҖӘBut this? This man is my husband.
вҖӘ[tense music playing]
вҖӘ[inhales sharply]
вҖӘDo you understand
вҖӘthat this is my life as well?
вҖӘYou want to deny my kids
вҖӘthe opportunity to know their father?
вҖӘHow selfish of you.
вҖӘ[scoffs]
вҖӘSelfish?
вҖӘWhy don't you go to Jonas
вҖӘand tell him. beg him to leave me alone
вҖӘif he doesn't love me?
вҖӘDo you think it's easy
вҖӘfor me to be
вҖӘin the situation that I'm in right now?
вҖӘI didn't set out
вҖӘto fall for a married man.
вҖӘto love him the way that I love him.
вҖӘBut it happened.
вҖӘSo I'm so sorry. Joyce.
вҖӘI love JonasвҖҰ
вҖӘwith my whole heart.
вҖӘ[pensive music playing]
вҖӘ[birds chirping]
вҖӘ[Jonas] Oh. Brother.
вҖӘ-Brother.
вҖӘ-What's going on?
вҖӘThe madam invited me over.
вҖӘShe invited me for dinner.
вҖӘ-Dinner?
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-What dinner?
вҖӘ-How should I know?
вҖӘOh. You're also back.
вҖӘ[sighs] Please sit.
вҖӘ[clears throat]
вҖӘ-Big brother.
вҖӘ-[Jonas grunts. sighs]
вҖӘFirstly. I'd like to thank you
вҖӘfor coming all this way
вҖӘ-on such short notice.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘAnd it's nothing bad.
вҖӘIt's also my wish that you areвҖҰ
вҖӘare a part of this important discussion
вҖӘI think we should have here.
вҖӘ[Magesh] Okay.
вҖӘ[Joyce] I've been thinking
вҖӘabout this issue.
вҖӘand I've come up with a solution
вҖӘfor this messy situation
вҖӘthat your brother has put us in.
вҖӘA messy situation?
вҖӘIt's clear to me that no matter what I do.
вҖӘno matter how much I wishвҖҰ
вҖӘ[suspenseful music playing]
вҖӘвҖҰMatipa's not going anywhere.
вҖӘSoвҖҰ
вҖӘI've made the decision
вҖӘthat we're going to take herвҖҰ
вҖӘ[smacks lips] вҖҰas the second wifeвҖҰ
вҖӘto Jonas.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘShe's already cemented herself
вҖӘin our relationship.
вҖӘShe's in too deep.
вҖӘSo why don't we just make it official?
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘWell. then.
вҖӘBrother. could you please
вҖӘdo us the honor of. uh.
вҖӘleading the вҖӘlobolaвҖӘ negotiations
вҖӘthat are going to take place?
вҖӘYou know. I'm confused. Jonas.
вҖӘI was expecting you to do a victory dance
вҖӘonce you hear the news.
вҖӘI actually thought
вҖӘyou'd be jumping for joy.
вҖӘBecause you got what you wanted. right?
вҖӘWell. I'm going to leave it to you
вҖӘto be the one to tell our children.
вҖӘTell them everything that's going on
вҖӘand break their hearts.
вҖӘBrother. can I please
вҖӘhave a moment to talk to Joyce?
вҖӘPlease.
вҖӘRespectfully.
вҖӘ[Jonas clears throat]
вҖӘ[solemn music playing]
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘWhat's going on?
вҖӘAre you okay?
вҖӘHave you thought this through?
вҖӘThis is polygamy.
вҖӘ-It's not easy.
вҖӘ-Brother.
вҖӘIt's not child's play.
вҖӘIвҖҰ
вҖӘWhat I'm doing
вҖӘis self-preservation.
вҖӘ-[Jonas] Mother of my twins. Hey.
вҖӘ-[Matipa] Oh. my gosh. [giggles]
вҖӘ-[Jonas] Where are my babies?
вҖӘ-They're with my mother.
вҖӘ[Jonas] Mm-hmm. WellвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Ah. [chuckles] Thank you.
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘ-[kissing]
вҖӘ-[giggles]
вҖӘMmm. Oh!
вҖӘI have a surprise for you.
вҖӘ[giggles] Okay.
вҖӘ-Why are you so happy? [giggles]
вҖӘ-I'm just happy. I'm just happy.
вҖӘWhat's gotten you so happy?
вҖӘ[Jonas clears throat]
вҖӘ-What's this?
вҖӘ-A letter.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-It's a request letter for вҖӘlobolaвҖӘ.
вҖӘSee.
вҖӘ[romantic music playing]
вҖӘ[gasps]
вҖӘ-ButвҖҰ No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
вҖӘ-Wait. Wait.
вҖӘ-This is for your uncles. not you.
вҖӘ-My loveвҖҰ [gasps]
вҖӘIt's not for you. It's for the uncles.
вҖӘ-My love. [gasps]
вҖӘ-Yes. my love. Mmm?
вҖӘ-I love you.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘOkay. [giggles]
вҖӘUh. let's go get your bags.
вҖӘAre they in the car?
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Okay. that's fine.
вҖӘUh. you can go pack your things and come
вҖӘback. my love. [stammers] Come home.
вҖӘ-Huh?
вҖӘ-Listen.
вҖӘI'm not moving out of my house.
вҖӘ[stammering] Excuse me?
вҖӘI'm not leaving my home.
вҖӘOh. [chuckles]
вҖӘHold on one moment.
вҖӘYou want me to be your second wife?
вҖӘIt's a win for all of us.
вҖӘ-Who is us?
вҖӘ-Everyone.
вҖӘ-Are you including me as well?
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘ-You mean me also?
вҖӘI can't believe you right now.
вҖӘJonaвҖҰ you-you're seriously
вҖӘtalking to me about polygamy?
вҖӘYou're telling me about polygamy?
вҖӘPolygamy is part of our culture.
вҖӘ[scoffs] Goodness.
вҖӘYou know this.
вҖӘ[stammers] It's who we are as a people.
вҖӘSo you want me to play second fiddleвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-вҖҰto Joyce for the rest of my life?
вҖӘ-No. thank you. Fuck no!
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘBeen there. done that.
вҖӘThank you. I'm good.
вҖӘ[breathes shakily]
вҖӘOkay. My love.
вҖӘListen.
вҖӘJust divorce her. okay?
вҖӘI will get you a list
вҖӘof the best divorce lawyers in the world.
вҖӘJustвҖҰ just leave her.
вҖӘJoyce and I are not getting a divorce.
вҖӘ[exhales shakily]
вҖӘ[stammers]
вҖӘ[Matipa. on phone] вҖӘPolygamy?
вҖӘJoyce. seriously?
вҖӘYou know. I had no idea
вҖӘthat you were this desperate
вҖӘto accept sharing a man
вҖӘwith another woman.
вҖӘI mean. it's clear
вҖӘJonas doesn't want you anymore.
вҖӘSo take the little pride you have left
вҖӘand leave us be.
вҖӘBecause seriously. this is so pathetic.
вҖӘAre you done?
вҖӘHmmвҖҰ
вҖӘIf it's "so pathetic" as you say it is.
вҖӘdoes that mean
вҖӘyou're going to walk away from my man?
вҖӘHmm.
вҖӘI thought as much.
вҖӘSo I guess
вҖӘit's welcome to the family then.
вҖӘBitch.
вҖӘ[pensive music playing]
вҖӘMm-mmm. What rubbish is this?
вҖӘWhat's this?
вҖӘMy children will not grow up
вҖӘwithout their father.
вҖӘAnd I love Jonas.
вҖӘOh. no. no. no! Not this.
вҖӘHeaven help us. Heaven help us all.
вҖӘPolygamy?
вҖӘHow is it possible. my child.
вҖӘthat a beautiful woman like you.
вҖӘwho's well-educated.
вҖӘcan be this desperate like this?
вҖӘ-Mom. polygamy is not some sin.
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘWeren't you the one who said
вҖӘyou respect our culture
вҖӘwhen you were busy talking about damages?
вҖӘOr you only respect culture
вҖӘwhen it suits you?
вҖӘJonas and I love each other.
вҖӘBut do you love yourself?
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘI'm not giving you my blessings.
вҖӘAt all.
вҖӘSuit yourself. Ma.
вҖӘI'm marrying that man.
вҖӘ[ominous music playing]
вҖӘ[indistinct chattering]
вҖӘ[ululating. cheering]
вҖӘ-[in Zulu] вҷӘ вҖӘWe've never. we've neverвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘWe've never experienced this at homeвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘWe've never. we've neverвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘвҖӘ We've never experienced this at homeвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘвҖӘ We've never. we've neverвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘWe've never experienced this at homeвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ-вҷӘ вҖӘWe've never. we've neverвҖӘ вҷӘ
вҖӘ[in English] We're all here at the table
вҖӘas a family?
вҖӘ-What are we celebrating? Hmm?
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Wow. Mom.
вҖӘ-You went all out.
вҖӘ-Assistant.
вҖӘ-Please pour me some juice.
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Mmm.
вҖӘ[Matipa] вҖӘI didn't set out
вҖӘto fall for a married man.
вҖӘ[Joyce whispers] вҖӘOkay.
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘ[juice pouring]
вҖӘ[Joyce clears throat]
вҖӘForgive me. I hear you guys talking
вҖӘabout the reason for this dinner.
вҖӘ-Unfortunately. tonight isn't about me.
вҖӘ-Oh.
вҖӘIt's about my husband.
вҖӘMe?
вҖӘYou.
вҖӘ[doorbell rings]
вҖӘ[Joyce] Excuse me.
вҖӘ[Jonas] Joyce.
вҖӘListen here. Jonas.
вҖӘYou're not going to
вҖӘmake my daughter your fool.
вҖӘYou're going to show her the respect she
вҖӘdeserves because you created this mess.
вҖӘ[door closes]
вҖӘ[tense music playing]
вҖӘ[Matipa] Um. Joyce.
вҖӘI thought it was gonna be me.
вҖӘyou and Jonas.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Don't worry about that.
вҖӘSit down and relax.
вҖӘMy children are sleeping.
вҖӘDon't worry. ma'am.
вҖӘI'll take them to the nursery.
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm. Ntombi.
вҖӘ-[Jonas] Joyce.
вҖӘHang on.
вҖӘThey can join us as well.
вҖӘ[ominous music playing]
вҖӘ[Jonas] Joyce.
вҖӘ[huffs]
вҖӘMenzi.
вҖӘ[Menzi] Mom?
вҖӘAnd Mpume.
вҖӘI'd like to introduce you
вҖӘto your new mother.
вҖӘMatipa.
вҖӘAnd these babies are your twin sisters.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-Hayley and Ashley.
вҖӘWelcome to the family.
вҖӘWait. hold on. Mom. Mom.
вҖӘWhat do you mean this lady's our new mom?
вҖӘ-[Matipa sighs]
вҖӘ-Um. Ma. are you guys getting a divorce?
вҖӘ[scoffs] Divorce. [chuckles]
вҖӘLove.
вҖӘAren't you going to answer your kids?
вҖӘThey need an answer.
вҖӘOr maybe the new mother
вҖӘwill be able to answer my kids?
вҖӘOh.
вҖӘNothing?
вҖӘPlease. Please. Dad. Please. enlighten me.
вҖӘStop being disrespectful. you two.
вҖӘPolygamy is this family's tradition.
вҖӘLet's eat.
вҖӘJoyce. dish up.
вҖӘ[knocking on door]
вҖӘRelax. I'm coming.
вҖӘ[chuckles] Ah. babe.
вҖӘW-W-W-Wait. Babe. what's going on?
вҖӘWait. Mpume. Wait. whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
вҖӘ-What's going on with you?
вҖӘ-Goodness. Don't you want me anymore?
вҖӘUmвҖҰ [stammers]
вҖӘTh-That'sвҖҰ That's not true. Wait.
вҖӘYou know that's not true.
вҖӘYou know I want you. but not like this.
вҖӘ[breathing shakily]
вҖӘWhat's going on?
вҖӘ[sobbing] Sorry. babe. I'm a mess.
вҖӘ[breathing shakily. sniffles]
вҖӘIt's a lot. Bongs.
вҖӘEverything is a mess. baby. [sobbing]
вҖӘOh. my gosh. [sobbing] Oh. my gosh.
вҖӘ[Bonginkosi] I'm not going anywhere.
вҖӘ[Mpume sobbing]
вҖӘ-I love you. Mpume. [sighs]
вҖӘ-[muffled] I love you.
вҖӘI'll release a statement to the media.
вҖӘannouncing thisвҖҰ
вҖӘ-new arrangement of ours.
вҖӘ-No. No. no. no.
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘJonas. what I'm doing. I'm doing it
вҖӘbecause I'm trying to be proactive.
вҖӘI'm protecting my brand.
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-And I'm protecting J&J's reputation too.
вҖӘYour brand?
вҖӘWhat about what I want?
вҖӘWhat happens then?
вҖӘNeed I remind youвҖҰ
вҖӘthat we're in this mess
вҖӘat this very moment
вҖӘbecause you were not able
вҖӘto keep your legs closed?
вҖӘOh?
вҖӘLet me remind you thatвҖҰ
вҖӘ[tense music playing]
вҖӘвҖҰthese sexy legs didn't open themselves.
вҖӘ[Joyce] But I don't know
вҖӘif you're forgetting that
вҖӘany woman who's able to allow
вҖӘa married man to open her legs
вҖӘand fall pregnant
вҖӘis a complete whore.
вҖӘ-[Jonas] No.
вҖӘ-Wow. Nice.
вҖӘBut the thing is. you see.
вҖӘif that man was fully satisfied.
вҖӘhe wouldn't feel the need to go looking
вҖӘfor pleasure outside his home.
вҖӘStop it. Okay. stop it. Stop it. Stop it.
вҖӘLet's behave like civilized people.
вҖӘ[Joyce sighs]
вҖӘYou were saying?
вҖӘYes.
вҖӘI want to lay a few ground rules
вҖӘbefore moving forward.
вҖӘYou are going to sleep at home
вҖӘin our marital bed.
вҖӘ-Every single night.
вҖӘ-[laughs] I'm sorry.
вҖӘ[scoffs] You brought me all the way here
вҖӘjust for this nonsense?
вҖӘI'll go get my babies
вҖӘbecause this is bullshit.
вҖӘ-Oh. okay.
вҖӘ-[Matipa scoffs]
вҖӘ-[Joyce] That's your type?
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘAnywayвҖҰ [inhales shakily]
вҖӘPlease remember
вҖӘthat tomorrow my campaign goes live.
вҖӘ[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘMm-hmm.